{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red28\green28\blue28;\red246\green246\blue246;\red41\green101\blue168;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red28\green28\blue28;\red42\green103\blue170;\red28\green63\blue105;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14510\c14510\c14510;\cssrgb\c97255\c97255\c97255;\cssrgb\c20000\c47843\c71765;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c14558\c14558\c14503;\cssrgb\c20607\c48574\c72420;\cssrgb\c13725\c32157\c48627;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12900\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Luner lander 1976\
Apple 1\
Safetly land the lunar lander on the moon by choosing how much thrust and fuel. If you run out fuel you lose the game. Get a perfect landing to win!\
\
Star Trek (1976)\
Apple Computer, Inc.\
Simulation, strategy / tactics\
Command your own starship and fight the Klingons.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
16K-Star Trek
\f2\i0 \'a0is a\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/search/quick?gamegroup=Star+Trek+variants"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Star Trek variant}}\'a0written for 16KB of RAM. The player is command of the star ship Enterprise and must travel through quadrants using scanners to find and engage Klingon cruisers to destroy them with limited resources for shields and fuel, which can be restocked at star bases.
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Blackjack (1976)\
Apple Computer, Inc\
Strategy/tactics, turn-based\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Blackjack
\f2\i0 \'a0is a computer version of the classic casino game. The player plays against the bank and must draw cards to get as close to a value of 21 without going over.
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97Amstrad\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\
Street Fighter (1988) \
Capcom Co., Ltd.\
Fighting, Action, Arcade\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You are Ryu, a\'a0
\f3\i Street Fighter
\f0\i0 . Your goal is to travel to 5 countries (Japan, USA, England, China and Thailand) and beat 2 enemies at each of them. Many of these characters, such as Adon, Gen, and Birdie, are later seen in the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/search/quick?game=Street+Fighter+Alpha"}}{\fldrslt Street Fighter Alpha}}\'a0series.\
\
After each country you will have the chance to get additional points in a little bonus round, a feature seen later in most Street Fighter games.\
\
The final boss in the game is Sagat, who is the second to the last boss in\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/game/street-fighter-ii-the-world-warrior"}}{\fldrslt Street Fighter 2}}. The goal is to become the greatest fighter in the world. As with most tournament fighting games once you have defeated the boss the game will reset and start from the beginning with a harder difficulty level.\
\
It is possible to start a two player game but there will be only one fight (between the two players) which will determine who will travel the globe to fight the computer controlled opponents.\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
James Bond 007: The Living Daylights: The computer Game(1987)\
Domark Limited\
Gun Shooter, Action, spy / espionage\
Brad Whittaker international arms dealer and megalomaniac. Necros - his ruthless sidekick killer. Koskov, double dealing KGB General and the beautiful Kara, the sophisticated Czech cellist who wins the hero's heart. Match them against James Bond, renowned British Secret Agent (for whom love and death is a way of life) and you have all the ingredients for a super spy story and a great gripping game!\
	This game is closely based on the all action film and coin-op Arcade game from\
Arcadia, but puts you into the action as you control James Bond through eight fast\
and furious levels. Moving from Gibraltar to Afghanistan, you encounter the SAS\
(friendly) the KGB (not so friendly) enemy helicopters (very unfriendly!) and even a\
milkman with exploding bottles!\
Now go ahead and join James Bond - living on the edge!\
\
1001 BC (1986)\
ERE informatique\
Adventure\
\
10th Frame (1986)\
ACCESS software incorporated\
Bowling\
Get out that shirt, put on your shoes and getready to roll with 10th FRAME. This sports simulation captures the real look and feel of bowling with true to life animation of strikes, spares and splits. With multiple levels of play and automatic scoring, 10th FRAME is an exciting sports experience the\
whole family can enjoy!\
\'95Joystick Controlled\
\'95Automatic Scoring\
\'95Scoreboard Printout\
\'95Power and Hook Control\
\'95Up to 8 different players\
Outstanding sound and\
including League play\
pin action\
\'95SPECIAL 'KIDS' LEVEL INCLUDED\
\
12 Lost Souls (1987)\
Leo Townsend\
Adventure\
\
1942 (1986)\
Elite Systems Ltd.\
shooter, action, arcade\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1942
\f2\i0 \'a0is a vertically scrolling shooter for one or two players. The year is 1942, and you are a daring fighter pilot "Super Ace". You begin and end each of the numerous levels on an aircraft carrier and then fly your plane into battle against the enemy over both sea and land. After destroying certain plane formations you can collect several different power ups to increase your fire power and chances of survival. You can also make your plane roll to avoid enemy attacks 3 times per life. There are 24 levels, the first being Midway and the last The Final Area.\
\
007: Licence to kill (1989)\
Domark Limited
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Arcade, Shooter, racing/driving\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A "James Bond" action/arcade game based on the movie with the same name. Your aim is to avenge the death of Felix Leiter, who was killed by the drug baron Sanchez.\
\
Technically the game consists of several different vertical scrolling action sequences. In each stage you must fly, drive or walk through a preset terrain. While doing that, you have to shoot enemies, avoid their shots and collect items (mainly ammunition). Some levels rely more on shooting, while others test your reflexes. There are 6 levels to be completed.\
\
20,000 Leagues\
\
4x4 off-roading (1988)\

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 U.S. Gold Ltd.\
Racing / driving, vehicle simulator\

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
As well as recreating off road racing, this game has considerable capability to upgrade your vehicle. There are four choices of vehicle on offer, each of which has its own weight/top-speed/build strength and so on, and thus is suited to different circuits. You can also buy upgrades and repairs, including carrying some spares.\
\
There are four completely different types of course, each taking place on a different surface - Mud, Ice, Desert and Mountains. Each of these is littered with hazards, which can either be painstakingly avoided, or driven through (with the resultant risk of damage).\

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Ace of Aces\
 (1986)\
U.S. Gold Ltd.\
Action, simulation\

\f1\i \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ace of Aces
\f2\i0 \'a0is a 1st person, 2D flight simulation. You're onboard a British RAF Mosquito, maverick fighter bomber. Your mission ... stop enemy trains, intercept the terrible german V-1 buzz bombs, sink the german U-boats and down the Nazi bombers. Are you ready for this challenge?\
\
Acheton \
(1988)\
Topologika Software Ltd.\
Adventure\

\f1\i Acheton
\f2\i0 \'a0is a home computer conversion of the mainframe adventure of the same name. Similar to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/game/zork"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Zork}}\'a0(which was released on the VAX mainframe not long before\'a0
\f1\i Acheton's
\f2\i0 \'a0original appearance), it is a fantasy treasure hunt set in a claustrophobic dungeon. It boasts over 400 rooms and 200 objects, thereby making it much bigger than\'a0
\f1\i Zork
\f2\i0 .\
\
As with many games of this kind the most time is spent by exploring the environment and solving item-based puzzles. Everything is described solely with plain text and the player interacts with the game by typing in phrases which describe his desired action, e.g. "take bottle". It also features a help function with graded hints.\
\

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Adventure C: Ship of doom\
(1985)\
Arctic Computing Ltd.\
Adventure\

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
While on a reconnaissance flight, your ship has been drawn by a Graviton Beam onto an Alien Cruiser. Fred, your pet android, informs you that the cruiser is on a Humanoid slave mission, its aim to seek out Humanoid planets from which samples are taken and their brains replaced by microchips. Your aim is to free your ship by pressing the control button in the main computer room. Of course, expect various hazards and puzzles to be in your way. The game features a simple 'Verb Noun' command interface, and no graphics of any description. Instructions such as 'insert key into hole' have to be split into two commands.\
\
The ancient art of war\
1990\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/company/brderbund-software-inc"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs21\fsmilli10800 \cf9 \ul \ulc9 Br\'f8derbund\'a0Software,\'a0Inc.}}
\fs21\fsmilli10800 \cf9 \ul \ulc9 \
Strategy / tactics\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs24 \cf2 \ulnone The Ancient Art of War
\f2\i0 \'a0is a real-time strategy game based on the very basic elements of war: unit types, formation, and strength. The game is set in ancient battle-style times before the use of gun powder, consisting of the three basic unit types of that period: the light armored but fast 'barbarians', the heavily armored but slow 'knights', and the ranged 'archers'. A fourth non-combatant unit type is also available: 'spies', which is only available under certain campaign rule settings.\
\
The game consists of different scenarios to choose from, each with a different geographical setting, difficulty setting, visibility setting, and victory condition setting. Some settings may be subject to change by the player.\
\
Gameplay is represented in two major areas:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The first is the tactical/political map, which visualizes geographical and terrain elements from a top-down perspective. Here the player can coordinate, position, reinforce troops, and also command them to attack, defend or ambush enemy troops in a real-time setting. Time may be set to pause, faster or slower to make battle plans easier.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The second is the combat screen where one group of soldiers fight another group of the enemy. A squad consisting a maximum of 14 soldiers will fight according to their set battle formation and will act only on the player's real-time battle commands (e.g. attack, forward, retreat, etc.).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The difficulty levels are represented by eight opponents, which include the Greek goddess of war Athena, a stereotypical Russian-Soviet commander named Crazy Ivan, as well as the historical characters Alexander the Great, Julius Caesar, Genghis Khan, Napoleon, Geronimo, and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,18956/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Sun Tzu}}\'a0as the hardest opponent. Each opponent has a different fighting style of combat and strategy.\
\
The game also comes with a construction set which allows the player to create own campaigns: From the story, rules to the map editor. In this game editor, the player can also tweak troops to the player's liking, such as default troop formations.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Archon: the Light and the Dark\
1985\
Electronic Arts, Inc.\
Action, strategy / tactics\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Archon: The Light and the Dark
\f2\i0 \'a0is a strategic board game with some similarities to chess. Two sides, a light one and a dark one, consisting of 18 pieces each compete on a board divided into (9 by 9) squares. You win the game by having one of your units on each of the five powerpoint squares, by removing all opposing pieces from the board or by imprisoning the last remaining creature of the opposing side.\
\
However, you can't just remove a piece from the board by landing on it. When two pieces clash, the outcome is decided in the battle arena during one-on-one real-time combat. If the real-time combat takes place on a dark square, the dark monster gets a health bonus (longer life bar). On a light square the light side gains an advantage. There are also some squares whose color changes over time (from afternoon, to dusk, to night, to dawn etc.), which adds an extra layer of strategy to the game.\
\
Unlike chess the two sides are not identical. Both sides consist of mythological creatures. For example the light side has among others unicorns, valkyries and a djinni while the dark side features basilisks, banshees and manticores. The differences are not just cosmetic. Two special pieces are the light wizard & the dark sorceress, they can both cast magical spells like: imprison a unit on the board, shift the flow of time (change day/night cycle to your advantage), bring one unit back from the dead etc.\
\
The different pieces have their own movement restrictions regarding the number of squares they're allowed to travel on the board and whether or not they can jump over other units (like the knight in chess). Units also behave different in combat; some units are faster than others, some use melee attacks while others fire projectiles.\
\

\f1\i Archon
\f2\i0 \'a0can be played with either one or two players. The NES version, which was released a few years after the other versions, has improved graphics for the real-time combat part. Each type of square has it's own colored background and the unit sprites are larger.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Arkanoid: Revenge of DOH\
1988\
Imagine Software Ltd.\
Action\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Revenge of Doh is a direct sequel to the original arcade smash\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/search/quick?game=Arkanoid"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Arkanoid}}. Along with improved graphic engine, better sound and music, better hardware support and more levels, Revenge of Doh also features a built-in editor and allows you to create your own level sets!\
\
Revenge of Doh continues Arkanoid's plot as follows, directly taken (including typoes) from the game:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 A long time period passed and the dimension controlling force Doh has again come back to life. Occupying the huge starship Xorg, it has entered our universe from a different dimension. Mixtec, Arkanoid type spaceship, has lauched the craft Vaus II to make a preemptive attack on Xorg.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
ATF: Advance tactical Fighter\
1988\
Digital Integration Ltd.\
Action\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ATF: Advanced Tactical Fighter
\f2\i0 \'a0is an action-oriented flight game. The game is set during a war of two unnamed war parties over an unnamed island. The player mans an Lockheed ATF fighter bomber to win the battle.\
\
The goal of every round is to destroy a number of strategic targets. The positions are shown on the jet's on board computer and the player can tackle them in any order. The game is action-oriented in nature, but the player still needs to take care of a few parameters, like a constant speed to avoid crashing or limited fuel and ammo. When resources or health are low (and the jet is near a friendly base), the player can start an automatic landing sequence to refill and repair. On the way to the targets it is either possible to take on enemy jets in direct combat or to fly low to avoid detection. The camera is fixed behind the jet's back.\
\
B.A.T.\
1991\
Ubi Soft Entertainment Software\
Adventure, role-playing (RPG)\

\f1\i B.A.T.
\f2\i0 \'a0is a cyberpunk romp through the underworld of crime and corruption. As agent for B.A.T. (Bureau of Astral Troubleshooters), an ultra-secret organization serving the Confederation of the Galaxies in the 22nd century, you will be assigned various missions covering a wide range of spy activities and planets.\
\

\f1\i B.A.T.
\f2\i0 \'a0is a mixture of first-person adventure game and role-playing. Most of the game is spent exploring the futuristic locations, talking to characters and gathering items needed to advance the narrative. Combat occurs randomly and utilizes a real-time system: the player must prepare for the battle within a limited amount of time, after which the combatants exchange blows. The protagonist is able to side-step and dodge the attacks. Other features include the ability to program the B.O.B. (organic computer implanted on your arm), and RPG-style character development based on various stats.\
\
Baby Jo in:\'94Going Home\'94\
1991\
Loriciel SA\
Action\
As the eponymous Baby Jo you're trying to make it back home. Can a simple baby get past the four levels while avoiding the bad-tempered animals and machines on the way?\
\

\f1\i Baby Jo in: "Going Home"
\f2\i0 \'a0is a side-scrolling platform game. Jo can pick up rattles which can be tossed at enemies (such as bees, lawnmowers or spiders). Apart from watching out for the baby's dropping health (represented as an increasingly tearful face), the baby's diaper gets wetter over time and the thirst increases, too. If the diaper becomes too wet or the baby becomes too thirsty, the player immediately loses a life, so collecting fresh bottles and diapers is important.\
\
The game is multilingual (you can choose between English, French, German and Spanish).\
\
Back to the Future part II\
1990\
Image works\
Action, arcade\

\f1\i Back to the Future II
\f2\i0 \'a0is a collection of five arcade and puzzle games.\
\
Based on the second installment of the popular Hollywood series\'a0
\f1\i Back to the Future
\f2\i0 , this movie conversion has Marty McFly and Doc Brown travel through time to stop their arch-rival Biff from changing the future. The game consists of five parts, each inspired by one of the movie's most memorable scenes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f4\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hoverboard Chase
\f2\b0 : A\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/search/quick?game=Paperboy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Paperboy}}\'a0clone without newspapers, but with isometric levels and lots of enemies to dodge.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f4\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Jennifer Rescue
\f2\b0 : Guide Marty's girlfriend Jennifer out of the house without her meeting one of the four family members. Open and close doors to make the persons go from one room to the next in this top-down puzzle sequence.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f4\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Beat Biff
\f2\b0 : A side-scrolling beat-em-up sequence in the tradition of\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/search/quick?game=Double+Dragon"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Double Dragon}}. Fight your way through a grim 1985 by jumping, hitting and kicking at Biff's lackeys.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f4\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Band Puzzle:
\f2\b0 \'a0Rearrange the mixed-up parts of an animated picture of the school band in this sliding block puzzle. The clock is ticking.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f4\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hoverboard Chase 2:
\f2\b0 \'a0Another hoverboard sequence, similar to the first one, only this time set in 1955.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Bad Dudes\
1988\
Imagine Software Ltd.\
Action, fighting\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bad Dudes
\f2\i0 \'a0is a six-level action game originating in the arcades. The gameplay involving beating a succession of guys to complete the level, then an end-of-level bad guy. The action takes place on two different levels of the screen, which can be jumped across or navigated using ladders. Moves such as punches and kicks are on offer. The control method makes jumping sideways quite tricky.\
\
Ballyhoo\
1986\
Infocom, Inc.\
Adventure\

\f1\i Ballyhoo
\f2\i0 \'a0is a mystery text adventure in which you play a disillusioned circus goer who decides to help find the owner's kidnapped daughter.\
Gameplay involves searching for clues in the circus arena, the tents and other back areas trying to locate the girl. The game features a "Standard" difficulty level.\
The original Commodore 64\'a0
\f1\i Grey
\f2\i0 \'a0Box Contents included:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Traveling Circus That Time Forgot Inc. Official Souvenir Program\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Circus Ticket (Sec.24 Row AA Seat 4)\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Purple Circus Balloon\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Advertising Card for Dr. Nostrum's Wondrous Curative\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Batman\
1989\
Ocean Software Ltd.\
Action, racing / driving, shooting, puzzle, arcade\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Based on the 1989-Batman movie. The game consists of five different parts, each resembling well known game types. Part one, the chemical plant: Hunt down Jack Napier who has raided the plant (typical platform action, climb ladders or use "Bat"-rope and shoot at some enemies...). Part two, "Batmobile" (...the car): Joker is chasing you and have to escape to "Bat"-cave. Avoid obstacles like police blocking the road and others. Part three, "Bat"-cave: A puzzle game where you have to find a certain item (belonging to Joker) amongst other items. Part four, "Batjet": Cut the ropes of the balloons which are filled with poisonous gas. Part five, the cathedral: Hunt down Joker. This part plays like the first one. Finally you will confront Joker in a fight that decides the fate of Gotham city.\
\
Batman: The Caped Crusader\
1988\
Ocean Software Ltd.\
Action, Adventure, arcade\

\f1\i Batman: The Caped Crusader
\f2\i0 \'a0is a combination of an arcade and adventure game. The game is played with a side scrolling view, with each new location opening in a new panel similar to the appearance of a comic book.\
\
The game has two parts to it, and these can be played in any order. In A Bird In the Hand, The Penguin is back, and planning on taking over the world with an army of robotic penguins. In A Fete Worse Than Death, The Joker has kidnapped Robin, and it's up to Batman to save him.\
\
Beach Buggy Simulator\
1987\
Silverbird Software Ltd.\
Racing / driving, shooter\
In this game you control a beach buggy that\'92s competing in the Dune Trials. It consists of eight rounds and you must complete each round within the time limit to advance. During the rounds you must jump over rocks and fire as well as shoot helicopters as they will make you crash and lose time.\
\
You have a set amount of fuel and you must collect fuel canisters to replenish it and maintain your speed. Should your fuel count reach zero you will go slow until you collect a canister which would also cost you time. You also cannot fire with your fuel empty. If you complete all eight rounds the game loops over and you begin at round one again. If you fail to complete any round within the time limit, your game is over.\
\
Beach Volley\
1989\
Ocean Software Ltd.\
Sports\
hile two boys playing Beach Volley a stranger passes by and give them two the possibility to play around the world for the Beach Volley Cup. They take change and start their first competition in London. The rules are easy, one of the teams has to reach seven points first. When you win you fly to other continents like America, Africa or China to meet your next opponent.\
\
You can play against the computer (cup mode) or a second player.\
\
Bionic commando\
1988\
Go! Media Holdings Ltd.\
Action, shooter\
In\'a0
\f1\i Bionic Commando
\f2\i0 \'a0the player takes control of a soldier with a bionic arm that extends and contracts. The bionic arm allows the soldier to grab onto fixed objects and swing around and climb up levels \'97 no jumping allowed! The arm also grabs opponents and pulls them towards the protagonist.\
The player's mission is to storm the enemy's fortress and destroy the launch computer to prevent the enemy from using their doomsday weapon.
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \'97\'97\'97\'97\'97Atari 5200\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97
\fs24 \
Defender (1982)\
Atari, Inc.\
Shooter, Action\
You're the Captain of the Spaceship Defender, and your mission is to save the humanoids from\
alien abduction, Use your radar scanner, smart bombs, and hyperspace power to protect the planet from alien assault. If the aliens successfully abduct the humanoids, the humanoids mutate, joining the alien forces, You must act quickly to prevent total destruction of your planet.\
\
Star Wars - The Arcade Game \
(1983)\
Parker Brothers\
Shooter, action\
It\'92s the challenging action of Star Wars: THE ARCADE GAME- here in an exciting home video game featuring 3 different screens! You\'92re at the controls of LUKE\'92s X-WING FIGHTER, heading straight for the Death Star. Your mission: to destroy it before the EMPIRE seeks its revenge on the REBEL base.\
Lock your sights on attackin TIE FIGHTERS and blast them with your PROTON TORPEDOES. Race along the DEATH STAR\'92s surface, firing on giant towers. Finally, dive full throttle into the DEATH STAR\'92s equatorial trench. You\'92ll need split-second timing to avoid all the obstacles as you steak through the trench in search of the main reactor. Hit it and you\'92ve blown the Death Star out of existence! MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU\
\
Star Wars: the return of the Jedi - Death Star battle \
(1983)\
Parker Brothers\
Shooter, Action\
Just when you thought the Death Star had been reduced to dust-\
it's making a comeback! Piece by piece, the Empire's reconstructing the ultimate space station. It's completion would mean unthinkable power for the Imperial forces! \
The DEATH STAR must be destroyed\'85 once and for all!\
Grab hold of the controls and guide the MILLENNIUM FALCON through one of the ever changing openings in the force field. Blast TIE INTERCEPTORS left and right before they open fire on you! Plus, keep an eye on the Death Ray as it tracks your ship. One direct hit and you're a Fire away at the DEATH STARI Wear it down with your missiles - and POW - the DEATH STAR's history! A cool head and a steady hand are a MUST if you're to succeed in this mission!\
\
Pac-Man (1982)\
Atari, Inc\
Acarde\
Now's your chance to really excel in arcade like fun! ATARI PAC-MAN is as much fun as the original arcade game. Chase the ghosts, eat the dots, and go for the tasty fruit bonuses. Master the maze to earn the key, and a whopping 5000 bonus points.\
\
Star Raiders\
1982\
Atari, Inc.\
Action, Simulation, strategy / tactics, space, sci-fi, shooter\
Congratulations! You're now a member of the elite Star Raiders! Seek out and destroy on sight all Zylon star-ships while you battle time, energy drain, starship damage, and enemy threats to vital starbases. Start as a Novice and work up to Star Commander\'85or down to Galactic Cook.\
\
Star Trek: Strategic Operations Simulator\
1983\
SEGA Enterprises, Inc.\
Action, shooter, arcade\
YOU'VE SEEN STAR TREK ON YOUR TV SET BEFORE, BUT NEVER LIKE THIS\'85 Now you can command the fate of the U.S.S. Enterprise in this home version of the hit arcade game. You're training to become a Federation Starship Captain. Fight off deadly Klingon Battle Cruisers that threaten the existence of your Starbases. Skillfully navigate through perilous asteroid fields and comet storms. Prepare to encounter the most powerful enemy of them all: Nomad! Hours of challenge await you, if you dare to venture where no home video game has ever dared to go\'85\
\
The Activism Decathlon\
1984\
Activision, Inc.\
Sports\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Activision Decathlon
\f2\i0 \'a0is a series of Olympic games similar to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/search/quick?gamegroup=Epyx"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 the Epyx games series}}. Up to four players can compete in the ten different events of a real-life decathlon, either in sequence or individually. Included are the 100-meter dash, long jump, shot put, high jump, 400-meter race, 110-meter hurdles, discus throw, pole vault, javelin throw, and 1500-meter race.\
The flat running events involve simple joystick waggling, which must be balanced with accurately-timed button presses to clear the hurdles - hitting them or breaking stride causes a loss of momentum and thus time. For jumping and throwing events, you must build momentum by waggling and then press the button to throw or jump at what you feel is the appropriate moment.\
For each event, points are earned based on how well you do (this can be based on your running time, or how far you throw the javelin or discus, etc...), and the player with the most points at the end of the decathlon wins the gold medal.\
\
Adventure II\
2007\
AtariAge\
Action\
This homebrew Atari 5200 cartridge is a direct, yet unofficial sequel to the Atari 2600 action role-playing classic\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/game/atari-2600/adventure"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Adventure}}. The player controls an unnamed knight on a quest to return the stolen chalice to the Seashore Kingdom's Castle. Like the original,\'a0
\f1\i Adventure II
\f2\i0 \'a0is played from top-down perspective, with player roaming the large game world.. The player character can carry one item at a time which are used to solve puzzles. While the main player graphic remains a square, the world of\'a0
\f1\i Adventure II
\f2\i0 \'a0is far larger and more robust than the original. The game's 32k cartridge features 4 distinct kingdoms, complete with unique inhabitants, items and secrets.\
\
Astro Chase\
1983\
Parker Brothers\
Action, shooter, arcade\
As pilot of a spaceship, your job is to save the planet Earth! Eight mega mines are slowly homing in, and you need to destroy them all before they reach Earth. Trying to stop you are a variety of flying saucers which will constantly be chasing you around the planet. Your ship is equipped with lasers which can be used to destroy enemy saucers and the mega mines. Located throughout the space around Earth are eight shield depots; if you fly through one of these, you will temporarily become invincible. Your spaceship also has a limited energy supply; if you get too low on energy, it can be resupplied at one of the generators located in the four corners of the play area. When all of the mega mines have been destroyed, you will move on to the next, faster chase!\
You start with 3 spacecraft with 1000 energy units each. When a level is successfully completed an additional 2 craft are awarded.\
\
AtariBlast!\
2016\
Action, arcade, shooter\
The game is a homebrew homage to various games and Atari-related themes. Development began in 2013 as\'a0
\f1\i GTIA Blast!
\f2\i0 , a tech demo that displayed the potential of the GTIA chip's rarely utilized graphics mode. Later it evolved into a complete game, and during development it took usage of the other graphics modes, thus was renamed to\'a0
\f1\i AtariBlast!
\f2\i0 .\
It has vertically and horizontally scrolling levels themed after classic shootemups. Features include difficulty settings, level passcodes (in a Simon Says fashion), health bar, destroyable background elements, many different powerups with a limited timeout, and numerous bonuses. Multiple versions exist with different music.\
\
Ballblazer\
1986\
Atari corporation\
Action, sports\
In the year 3037, the most competitive sport in the known universe is Ballblazer. For the first time ever, humans from the planet Earth have won the right to compete in the final round of the Ballblazer Championship, to fight for Earth's honor and the title Masterblazer!\

\f1\i Ballblazer
\f2\i0 \'a0is a 3D futuristic soccer-like game, where the player (inside a Rotofoil) is set on a one-on-one 1,155 square playing field (the Grid). The objective of the player to kick a floating ball (Plasmorb) inside the opponent's goal (Goalbeams). A player may compete against a human or computer opponent.\
The Rotofoil is equipped with a multi-purpose forcefield. This forcefield when in short distance of the Plasmorb will act as a pull field, automatically pulling the Plasmorb towards the player. When a player in possession of the Plasmorb shoots, the forcefield will act as push field and launches the ball. When the match starts, the player must move down field and attempt to gain possession of the Plasmorb using the joystick and blast the Plasmorb to an intended direction.\
The player should also be aware that the Goldbeams move slightly every second and the distance between them will shrink. The highest scoring goals are goals made when Goldbeams have disappeared across the horizon (Over The Horizon/OTH shots). A player may also attempt to steal possession of a Plasmorb by rushing beside the opponent and blast the Plasmorb away. The game ends when time runs out or a player wins 10 consecutive goals. If the game ends in a draw, over-time will apply and the first player to score will win the game.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf2 Scoring\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Close-in goals - 1 point\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Goals near Goldbeams - 2 points\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
OTH shots - 3 points\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Players may steal points from each other by making goals.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The total combined score of both players cannot accede more than 10 points.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A player winning 10 consecutive points automatically wins the game.\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Beamrider\
1984\
Activision, Inc.\
Action, arcade, shooter\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 \cb3 Beamrider
\f2\i0 \'a0is a 3D arcade action game. You control a beam riding spaceship on a mission to clear 99 sectors of space from hostile aliens. The spaceship is located at the bottom of the screen and it can only stop on one of five beams. You are armed with both lasers and torpedoes; torpedoes are more powerful and can destroy more enemies compared to lasers, however you only get three per level. To complete a sector, you need to destroy fifteen white flying saucers. After all saucers are destroyed, the sector sentinel passes by which can be destroyed for extra points. Each even number sector up until sector 16 will add a new type of enemy to deal with. These additional enemies will just try to slow your mission, though, only the saucers need to be destroyed to advance. Occasionally a rejeuvinator will appear; if this is collected, you can earn an extra life. But be careful, because if you accidentally shoot the rejeuvinator it will turn into an enemy!\
\
Beef Drop\
2004\
AtariAge\
Action, Arcade\
This game is an attempt to bring a better version of the coin-op game\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/game/burgertime"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 BurgerTime}}\'a0to the Atari 8-bit computer and any version to the Atari 5200 and Atari 7800. The game play is the same as the coin-op game. You, the chef, must make burgers by walking on the parts so they drop down to plates below. You are pursued by Mr. Yolk (a fried egg), Mr. Dill (a pickle slice) and Frank (a hot dog). If you are cornered, you can throw pepper on the food to stop it for a short time. If you can catch them in some burger parts, you get bonus points. Occasionally, a bonus item, like an ice cream cone, will appear and you can collect it for points.\
\
Berzerk\
1984\
Atari, Inc.\
Action, shooter, arcade\
You have been sent into a building infested with robots, and must do your best to clear it out. Each rooms has a number of walls through the middle, which restrict your movement. There will be a number of bad guys in the room - on early screens they may be immobile and not shoot at you, but after a few levels they become capable of shooting in multiple directions. You can shoot at them in 8 directions, but can't shoot diagonally while moving. There are gaps at the side of each room, through which you exit, before or after clearing the room (there is a bonus for clearance). You get an extra life every 2000 points.\cb1 \
\
Blueprint\
1983\
CBS Electronics\
Action, arcade\
\cb3 Your girlfriend Daisy is in trouble! Ollie Org is chasing her across the top of the screen, and you need to come to the rescue. To stop Ollie before time runs out, you need to construct a machine. The blue print for the machine is at the bottom of the screen, so all you need to do is locate the parts which are hidden in the numerous houses in a maze like town. When you locate a part, drag it back and place it on the blue print. When all parts have been located, press the start button and the machine is ready to go! To make your task more difficult, there are several obstacles that get in the way. If you enter a house which doesn't contain a part, you will instead be stuck with a bomb. You will need to hurry and diffuse any bombs in the bomb pit before they explode! From time to time, a flower pot will fall from above and then hop off the screen. Get hit by a flower pot, and you lose a life. You also need to be careful of Fuzzy Wuzzy, who wanders around the neighborhood randomly. An encounter with Fuzzy Wuzzy will also be deadly! Hiding in the bomb pit is Sneaky Pete; while he isn't deadly, he will occasionally appear and press the start button before your machine is complete. If this happens, you will need to drag Pete back to the bomb pit and reassemble all of the machine parts.\
\
Boulder Dash II: Rockfords\'92 revenge\
2005\
Atari2600.com, Mean Hamster Software, Inc.\
Action, arcade, puzzle\
In part two of the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/search/quick?game=Boulder+Dash"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Boulder Dash}}\'a0series the overall game design hasn't changed compared to the original, but sixteen new levels have been created. The basis of the game is the same, you still have to mine diamonds while avoiding falling rocks and cave monsters of all sorts. As in part one, later levels become more difficult because many puzzle elements are added.\
\
Bounty Bob Strikes Back!\
1985\
Big Five Software\
Action, arcade\

\f1\i Bounty Bob Strikes Back!
\f2\i0 \'a0is the sequel to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/game/miner-2049er"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Miner 2049er}}\'a0and features similar gameplay. As Bounty Bob, your goal is to claim every inch of 25 challenging mines. To do this, you must walk over each segment of the framework in the mines. To reach each segment of framework, you will need to figure out a way to jump, climb, or use one of the many devices occasionally available to get there. To your help you get around (or sometimes hinder progress) are ladders, slides, suction tubes, cannons, transporters, and other devices. Wandering about the mines are many dangerous mutants. If you come in contact with one of these, you will lose a life. Scattered throughout each mine are special food items; collect one of these, and you will temporarily be able to eliminate the mutants by walking into them. You will need to figure out a unique strategy for each level in order to complete it, plus there is a time limit so claim all the territory quickly!\
\
Buck Rogers: Planet of Zoom\
1983\
SEGA Enterprises, Inc.\
Action, shooter, arcade\

\f1\i Buck Rogers: Planet of Zoom
\f2\i0 \'a0is a single player science fiction themed obstacle race, where the player controls Buck Rogers' space ship and must guide it through multiple pairs of pylons throughout the game. Controlling the ship involves side scrolling to the left or right, stop, moving forward (and faster), and moving backwards/break (and slower). Additionally, the spaceship can also fire its weapon to unleash a pair of energy bolts.\
The player starts in sector 1.0 and will finish this level after the player successfully goes between an allocated number of pylons, indicated at the top left side of the screen; the first requirement is 9 pylons and will gradually increase with each new sector. In sector 1.1., with the addition of having to complete the pylon requirement, a group of flying saucers, ranging from 1 to 4 (per group), fly in a pattern. The player must avoid these flying saucers by maneuvering out of their way or by shooting them down. In sector 1.3., a new type of robot spaceship (at least one) will fly erratically and attempt to crash into the player's space ship (due to the marvel of technology of that era, enemy ships that disappear from one side of the screen, will emerge on the other side of the screen). Later sectors will gradually introduce more difficult challenges.\
The game ends when the player loses all three lives by crashing into (or being crashed by, it seems sometimes) pylons or enemy space ships. Although there is no penalty in avoiding pylons altogether, the game will also end if the allocated amount of time (indicated by a long bar at the top center screen) runs out. The player may increase speed to move faster, which will present maneuverability challenges in itself. The overall score increases by distance traveled, pylons traveled through, and enemy spaceships shot down. The latest score and the high score are saved and shown in the main menu.\
\
Castle Blast\
2002\
Action, arcade, shooter\
This game is based on the fifth screen of the coin-op game\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/game/atari-2600/phoenix_"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Phoenix}}.\
The object of this game is to destroy the Castle on the Mothership. You fire Vertical Trajectory Missiles, or VTMs, at the shield on the bottom of the Mothership. When you penetrate the shield, then blast the Castle. To score extra points, you can also shoot the enemy spaceships flying overhead.\
If you destroy the Castle, you advance to the next level, where you will need to contend with Focused Energy Beams, or FEBs, fired from the Mothership. There will also be stars appearing in the sky, making it harder to target the spaceships.\
If you manage to obliterate the Castle again, you will proceed to the next level, which adds ground-based tanks assaulting you. You have Horizontal Trajectory Missiles, or HTMs, to deal with this new enemy but do not lose sight of your primary goal.\
Your joystick moves you left or right. The lower button fires VTMs, the upper button fires HTMs.\
\
Castle Crisis\
AtariAge\
2004\
Action, arcade\
This is a version of the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/search/quick?company=Midway+Games+West"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Atari}}\'a0coin-op game\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/game/atari-2600/warlords_"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Warlords}}, designed to look and play as much like the coin-op version as possible. Use your shield to deflect fireballs away from your castle and towards your opponents. You can also capture fireballs and launch them at your opponents with even greater force.\
\
Centipede\
1983\
Atari, Inc.\
Action, arcade, shooter\
In\'a0
\f1\i Centipede
\f2\i0 , the player is trapped in the Enchanted Forest. Armed with only a magic wand to ward off the forest's insect denizens, all of which apparently are attacking in the player in continuous waves.\
\
The player must use the magic wand to shoot sparks at approaching insects to score points by pressing the controller button. Holding down the controller button will set the wand to rapid fire shots. If the player is bitten by an insect, the player will be temporarily paralyzed and lose one of the three starting magic wands.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf2 Insect Opponents and Mushrooms
\f2\b0 \
All enemy insects have a distinctive sound before attacking, which may help the player identify which insect is attacking. Enemies and objects in the game are as the following:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f4\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Centipede
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The Centipede will attack in 12 waves. In the first wave, the Centipede will have a head attached to 11 body segments. In the second wave, the Centipede will have a head attached to 10 body segments, in addition to a detached head. The third wave will have the Centipede with an attached head, 9 body segments, plus two detached heads. These body segments will transform into heads and continue to do so until Wave 12. In the last wave, the Centipede will have 12 detached heads, independently attacking the player. Centipede heads are worth more points than body segments.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Attacks from the Centipede will come from the top of the screen, moving downward. If a spark hits any part of the Centipede, that particular body segment will transform into a mushroom, while the body segment behind it will become the new Centipede head. When the Centipede is destroyed, it will briefly disappear and re-appear from the top of the screen again.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\f4\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Spider
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The Spider will attempt to distract the player from attacking the Centipede. It will destroy any mushroom it touches. Spiders will score more points if it is hit in closer distances.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\f4\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Flea
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The Flea will appear if the player has destroyed most of the existing mushrooms. It will drop down creating a new batch of mushrooms where it falls. The Flea will disappear after two hits. After the first hit, the Flea will drop down much faster.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\f4\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Scorpion
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The Scorpion will appear in the third wave. It moves slowly but will pick up speed, moving faster. While doing so, it will poison any mushroom it touches.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\f4\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mushrooms
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Mushrooms fill the Enchanted Forest and may act as obstacles or cover for the player, with added effects to enemy insects. It takes four shots to completly destroy a mushroom. There are two types of mushrooms: Magic Mushrooms and Poisonous mushrooms. Magic mushrooms are the default mushrooms in the game and are also the result of the player destroying an insect or Centipede body segment. Poisonous Mushrooms are the result of the Scorpion touching a mushroom. Poisonous Mushrooms will prompt the Centipede near it to move straight towards the player through any mushroom. Losing a wand will restore any partially damaged mushroom.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf2 Game Difficulty and Variations
\f2\b0 \
The game offers four difficulty levels: Novice, Standard, Advanced, and Expert. Game Variations are as the following:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
One Player\cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Two Player Alternating\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Two players will take turns when the active player is bitten.\cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dual Player Competition\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Two players will appear on the screen at the same time. Scoring is separate. Shots fired from one player will paralyze the other player.\cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Team Play Two players will appear on the screen at the same time. Scoring is combined. Shots fired from one player will not paralyze the other player.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf2 Scoring
\f2\b0 \
The player will win a bonus magic wand for every 12,000 points to a maximum of six wands. The game will end when all wands are lost. Scoring are as the following:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Centipede Head - 100 points\cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Centipede Body Segment - 10 points\cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Spider at close range - 900 points\cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Spider at medium range - 600 points\cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Flea - 200 points\cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Scorpion - 1,000 points\cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Restored mushroom - 5 points\cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Destroyed mushroom - 1 points\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
Choplifter\
1984\
Atari, Inc.\
Action, arcade, shooter\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 \cb3 Choplifter!
\f2\i0 \'a0is a side-scrolling action/arcade game that puts you in command of an attack chopper. Your mission: Go behind enemy lines and rescue up to 16 hostages per level. Be careful, though, because tanks and enemy aircraft will try to stop you - and they won't stop shooting while you are rescuing those hostages!\
Originally released for Apple II home computers, Choplifter! was later ported to the arcades and a number of video game consoles. Many imitators and homages would follow.\
\
Dig Dug\
1983\
Atari, Inc.\
Action, arcade\

\f1\i Dig Dug
\f2\i0 \'a0is a 1-2 player arcade game in which you have to use your shovel to dig your way through the earth. Stopping you from doing this are two monsters, called Pooka and Fygar, who will continually chase you around. The only weapon that you carry is an air pump, which you can use to inflate the monsters to the point where they explode. (if you start to inflate them but stop doing so, the monsters will get turned back to their normal selves). Furthermore, rocks are scattered throughout the earth, and you can use these rocks to squash them. If the monsters do not find you for several seconds, they will eventually get turned into ghosts, which are able to walk through the earth. They are invincible and cannot be killed. From time to time, vegetables will appear in the center, and you can get these for points.\
\
Frogger\
1983\
Parker Brothers\
Action, arcade\
Your task in this arcade game is to guide a frog across a treacherous road and river, and to safety at the top of the screen. Both these sections are fraught with a variety of hazards, each of which will kill the frog and cost you a life if contact is made.\
\
The road is full of cars and trucks, at variable speeds. The river water itself is fatal, as are the snakes which hover within on later levels. Frogger must use the arrangement of logs, turtles (which are only there for a short time) and alligators (but stay away from their faces), and then jump into one of the open home-cells, ideally one containing a fly for extra points. Once all holes have been filled, you move onto the next, harder, level.\
\
Galaxian\
1982\
Atari, Inc.\
Action, arcade, shooter\

\f1\i Galaxian
\f2\i0 \'a0is a shoot 'em up in which the player is at the bottom of the screen, with an arrangement of aliens at the top. The player moves left and right to aim at an alien, then shoots a bullet up the screen, and the alien it hits is killed. The aliens are classed as Drones, Emissaries, Hornets and Commanders, with those higher up the screen scoring more points when destroyed. At set intervals an enemy will move down the screen towards you, escorting a bomber, which is a moment of high danger. Clear a wave and another is generated.\
\
H.E.R.O.\
1984\
Activision, Inc.\
Action, arcade, platform\
There is trouble in the mines! Volcanic activity has trapped numerous miners, and it is your job to save them. As Roderick Hero, you need to make your way through the dangerous mineshaft avoiding the dangerous creatures and lava, and find out where the miners are located before you run out of energy. To help on your mission, Roderick Hero has several useful types of equipment. A prop pack will allow you to hover and fly around the mineshaft and (hopefully) avoid the many dangers within. Your helmet features a short range microlaser beam which can be used to destroy the bats, spiders, snakes, and other creatures you'll encounter in the mines. From time to time, your path through the mine may be blocked by stone or lava walls. You begin each mission with six sticks of dynamite which can be used to destroy these obstacles (be careful you don't blow yourself up, though!). If you run out of dynamite, your laser beam can also be used to destroy the walls, though this will take longer and use up more energy. As the levels progress, the mine shaft will become longer and more maze-like, creatures will more frequently block the path, and lava walls and pools will appear which are dangerous to the touch.\
\
Mari Bros.\
1984\
Atari, Inc.\
Action, arcade, platform\
Mario and Luigi, the best plumbers in the world, have a real job on their hands. A host of characters have taken over the sewers, and the brothers must clear them out of the pipes.\
\
The platform puzzle which first introduced Luigi to the world has both single and multiplayer action with two differing game types, but with the same objective. Crabs, turtles and fighter flies must be cleared out by jumping underneath the platform they sit on, then kicking them away. Each level is cleared when a set number of coins is collected.\
\
For the two player mode, the first to collect the set amount of coins wins.\
\
Megamania\
1983\
Activision, Inc.\
Action, arcade, shooter\

\f1\i MegaMania
\f2\i0 \'a0is an arcade action game with gameplay similar to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mobygames.com/game/atari-2600/space-invaders________"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Space Invaders}}. You control a spaceship at the bottom of the screen and need to defend yourself from numerous waves of attackers. But in\'a0
\f1\i MegaMania
\f2\i0 , the attackers are much more bizarre than invading aliens. There are hamburgers, diamonds, steam irons, bow ties, space dice, and more! You need to earn points by destroying as many of these strange attackers as you can before your energy supply becomes depleted.}